today he was like for a another show
this time I'm taking a look at the
boutiques I where vr 920 now I just
grabbed the Box he probably can't said
in a little bit remb interesting but
it's basically a wrapper around hits it
used for gaming or watching TV it states
about the equivalent looking to 62 inch
monitor now I put it on here but it's up
to walk in second life now I've got it
running on a map which shouldn't usually
be a problem but what I've discovered
since buying this was two or four
hundred dollars or something like that
yeah it is that the mac drivers are
particularly great for so if you consume
the screen now I can click across there
probably pop of a monkey on the right
screen so as I'm moving around nothing
really exciting there anything with the
headset here I'm actually singing them
wrap around so it's not all around me
but it's huge in front of me and I
switched to the mouse or gets a little
bit strange because you sort of got a
tip your head up and it's not so switch
to mouse lot so in theory what the how
these had actually work is I'd be
looking at where I went like that or
like that the scoring would actually
move me little duck as you can see I
haven't managed to get it to work hit
and I'm going to contact the company
I'll do it manually so I go in brain
theory aren't like that that's how it in
theory should look it would work that
way on a Windows machine any like
they've actually got the drivers
provided on the disk so that's how I'm
theory it would work um all in or couple
people said said it's a actual truth of
the Arsenal is it's not perfect
like um where I'm sitting here I can
actually see the laptop monitor out of
the bottom underneath you can get a ten
twelve dollar attachment which sort of
blocks out that area I didn't get that
I'd done not a hundred percent sure
whether you want that she still want to
be able to see he said if I was typing
or whatever what you dizzy doing so
that's pretty much it where that goes
for the money
pretty cool I guess I'm going to use it
for doing things like I know hopping
into bed and watching a movie so how can
sit in front of big secona so I got it
comes with headset and mic building i'm
not using the mic on it for this podcast
again the map drivers aren't bringing
for this I did test two Senate doesn't
work the might does work there's no
volume control for Mike's I think it's
as for drivers issues so look pretty
cool I don't know what I look like
sitting here with this thing on my face
but and you certainly don't get the full
effect from this screencast anybody
really get full creatures to try one out
but you know for the money I think it's
pretty cool it takes me back to the the
early 90s and those of the our units
come out and worth a look that's the
boutique's gospel that vuz IX VR 920
here's the any other last catch trying
to find the heat stop button when I've
got one screw tightened in the headset
and one screen open on that